

**9th Oct 2022**
v0.6.7

If you have weewx version 4.6.0 or greater then the languages feature (lang)
will work for you.

If you have a version older than that you will need to use
config.txt.tmpl.no_lang, after you rename then replace the existing
config.txt.tmpl

If you haven't installed the optional [extended
almanac](https://weewx.com/docs/customizing.htm#Almanac) for WeeWX, you won't
get sunrise nor sunset data. That means the day/night icon cannot be
calculated, no matter how you set the skin.conf variable curr_cond_icon.

The script now ignores that fatal error and displays an image without the added
icons.

**8th Oct 2022**
v0.6.7

It seems I made a poor choice changing the delimiter in wxgraphic-weewx.txt to
a space. That doesn't play well with the AM PM time formats.

It's now changed it to a semi-colon ';' **with** the option in
WXgraphic/skin.conf to change it again - to something of your choosing.

Third times the charm?  !


**3rd Oct 2022**
v0.6.6

Internationalization: language configuration using WeeWX lang files. 

See the skins/WXgraphic/lang directory for templates.

Thanks to Hartmut we have a German language file - de.conf

For other languages, use the spare language file en.conf.x and rename, rework
its contents accordingly. If you do one, it would be appreciated if you sent a
copy to upload here.


When using clientraw.txt files, there was a php based unit conversion process that
could be configured. It has been commented out as we (WeeWX users) don't
require it. WeeWX will pass units, groups using its own routines.

On a minor note, I've added the original source files (wxgraphic-XXX_6.3.zip) to the repo.

**1st Oct 2022**
v0.6.5

Wrapped up the existing repo and released it as [Stage 1 - Tweaked 'n Prodded,
drawing a line in the
sand.](https://github.com/glennmckechnie/weewx-WXgraphic/releases/tag/v0.6.4)

Moving on to the next set of changes...

If upgrading an existing extension, copy your existing config.txt.tmpl,
skin.conf and index.php files. The old ones will be over written!

The defaults in skin.conf have been refined. Those that are relevant only to
clientraw.txt have been moved to their own section.

WXgraphic now picks up the units via weewx
[tags](https://weewx.com/docs/customizing.htm#Tag_$unit) which are set in
weewx.conf. There is an empty section in [StdReports][WXgraphics] for the unit
definitions but the default ones (for all skins) will apply regardless of the
data file being used.


```
[StdReport]
    [[WXgraphic]]
         <can be set within here to overide the default secion below>

    [[Defaults]]
        [...]
        [[[Units]]]
            [...]
            [[[[Groups]]]]
                <preferred group settings as the default setup>
```

It also picks up the Station name provided in weex.conf, but retains the option
in skin.conf to change it to something else - probably something shorter!

The degrees symbol is back! Because of the difficulty to get the Cheetah
Generator to parse the degree symbol 'Â°' that has now been moved to index.php
and renders correctly while it remains as a <B0> hex code.


Thanks to Harmut for the note on this:
Change windchill heatindex values in skin.conf to whole numbers purely to avoid
problems when suppling a decimal poin when a decimal comma is require.

Space separated weewx-wxgraphic.txt file:
When index.php extracts the $baromtrendwords we now replace the '_' with a
space, as it should be!

add blank index.html in the remaining directories - a low level security step

Fix anti_alias failure when using ttf fonts, those other than the GD default
PHP Notice:  Undefined variable: anti_alias in /tmp/var/www/html/weewx/wxgraphic/index.php


**30th Sept 2022**

Add a Troubleshooting section to the bottom of this page


Bugfix #1:

Thanks to 'an oldman' for the heads up.

When curr_cond_icon was set, to generate the day / night icons, a PHP Fatal
error was being thrown when strict settings were enabled in php.ini This was
preventing the image from displaying with the default settings of
curr_cond_icon = 'yes'

Fix: When that 'current_conditions' field in the weewx_wgraphics.txt is blank
(null), we now skip the generation of a $ccicon. It is still available for
later use.

Bugfix #2:

Hartmut highlights the issue with the 'decimal comma'. 

Fix: Change  weewx_wgraphics.txt.tmpl to a space separated file. Adapt the
barom trend phrases using  '_'

**29th Sept 2022**

Add fonts, instructions, examples and the like.

**26th Sept 2022**

This repo simplifies the installation of wxgraphic-6.3, a "Weather Graphic"
image generator that was originally available at
[anolecomputer.com/wxgraphic](https://web.archive.org/web/20130105094954/http://scripts.anolecomputer.com/wxgraphic/).
That original file is also available at
[Saratoga-Weather.org](https://saratoga-weather.org/wxtemplates/plugins.php)

It provides that original package as an easily installable skin for WeeWX. It
uses the wee_extension script to install a working version to your existing
WeeWX installation. Some configuration may be needed to suit your setup but it
will work straight after installation and a restart. You may not be happy with
the colors or fonts though and some text will need tweaking, just as it always
has been.

You also need a php and GD (php-gd) enabled webserver!

